# My Webtools class project!

My project includes HTML and CSS. Feel free to view the pages and enjoy the sillier inclusions. Also go play [UNDERTALE](https://undertale.com/), the 10th anniversary happened as of writing this and it's a wonderful game!

11/20/25
Used W3.CSS to update the nav bar at the top, adding buttons to each page--also, added a quote to the index page. I've also updated the table on the success page to be a W3.CSS table, updated the input methods on the contact page to use W3.CSS, as well as the content navigation panel on the index page (a list). Some of these elements have also been updated with colors from the same library that I felt fit with my pre-existing color scheme. W3.CSS has been a very handy library, and I like how many options it gives me built-in. It's much easier than doing it myself, but I suppose the benefit of doing it myself is having even more customization--especially when it comes to colors and whatnot.

12/2/25
Used the W3.CSS CV Template to overhaul my about page. I changed the skills, work experience, and education sections to be more reflective of me and the classes I'm currently taking. I really appreciate the template, as I think it's much better than starting from scratch--the end result is pretty and well-organized, with the different coloumns for distinct things.

The class in general was incredibly fun and interesting for me, and it's gotten me to produce something that I genuinely enjoy reflecting on and looking at. It was also highly informative--it's thanks to this class that I feel like I'm more fluent in different forms of code I had zero experience with before. On a much more personal note, it makes me feel more connected to the odd anemoia I feel for the early internet, when many more people had no choice but to start from scratch when creating a website (though, granted, we eventually did get into templates, which helps acclimate us into the more modern web development age I feel). I very much appreciate Stephen Herd and this class, and I wish him nothing but the best in his future.